#### 1. Explain the concept of an object reference in a distributed system. Why do remote objects ned one and who creates it?
**Distributed objects** are objects (in the sense of object-oriented programming) that are distributed across different address spaces, either in different processes on the same computer, or even in multiple computers connected via a network, but which work together by sharing data and invoking methods.

The identity of a local object is its memory address in most cases. Would this be a usable concept of identity for distributed systems? Can you directly create a remote object on a remote system or do you need the help of the remote system to achieve this?

#### 2. What is the purpose of an Interface Definition Language? Why does CORBA not just use the Java interface construct?
Tip
Remember that most distributed (calls, objects, components, services etc.) all know the distinction of interface and implementation. The implementation depends on your programming language, platform etc. The Interface is much more like a general rule.

#### 3. Remote objects built with Java RMI are usually registered in a so called "registry". Why?

#### 4. List several ways to invoke a method on a remote object
Tip
How could you invoke a message on an object that you have'nt seen at compile time of your program? Do you always want to wait for a response directly?

#### 5. How does a server know that one of his remote objects provided by him is no longer used by clients and can be collected? How does Java RMI handle this problem and what alternatives are there?
Tip
You can put responsibilities for cleaning up objects either on the client or on the server with or without protocol support. Leaving it to the client can be risky, just as leaving it to the server programmer. How about hiding it in the protocol?

#### 6. Activation is a technology used to load remote objects into a server on demand (i.e. when a client invokes a method on this object. Explain why this is much better than pre-loading remote objects?
Tip
Think about large numbers of remote objects (e.g. when a database is represented as remote objects)
