#### 1. What were the reasons that middleware moved from distributed objects to distributed components?
Tip
Is it ok to use a local design (interfaces) for a distributed system? Or are distributed systems different and in what respect? Would you use fine grained object methods for remote objects?
### 2. List some features of components. If you have a software company - why would building components be an interesting idea?
Tip
Building components only makes sense if you can sell them many times. What would keep you from selling a component to different customers? What do components need to work everywhere? How are all these environments different?
#### 3. Component technology separates business logic from infrastructure like security, transactions etc. The infrastructure services are nowadays provided automatically by tools in combination with runtime containers.Why?
Tip
Who writes business logic? Who knows how to write transactions, security code etc.? If you need to write a bookkeeping application, do you want to create transaction processing code? Deal with how security works?
#### 4. Enterprise Java Beans distinguishes stateful and stateless beans. Which ones scale better?
Tip
Which one is tied to resource consumption? Resources are typically what makes servers critical.
#### 5. Enterprise Java Beans has a so called "deployment descriptor" which contains a lot of configuration information. It says descriptively what transaction behavior is required by the component, security roles defined by the component and if the component want the container to store data or whether the component wants to do this by itself. Now, why does EJB put those informations into a descriptor instead of the component code?
#### 6. Enterprise Java Beans introduced so called "local interfaces" in version 2.0. Before that every enterprise java bean object was a remote object. Now two EJBs residing in one VM can talk to each other through local interfaces. Why did EJBs add those local interface?
Tip
An interesting question is whether a local EJB call could ever be so fast as a regular java method call or if there will always something more involved with an EJB call. What could that MORE be? What does EJB offer and promise to the installed components?
#### 7. Modern component technology is organized after two meta-design patterns: Separation of concerns and separation of context. Can you explain what gets separated and why?
Tip
A software product usually needs to handle many different concerns, not only how the business logic works. And it should run in many different contexts with the code possibly unchanged