#### 1. Applications used to be single images which were installed locally on machines and which were largely self-contained. Distributed objects and components changed this radically and introduced a lot of new problems. Explain which problems are new with distributed objects or components.
Tip
Draw a little diagram of objects or components that work together on different hosts. Some even share the use of certain objects. Now you want to take one of the hosts involved down to change a disk drive. What kind of things would you like to know in advance?
#### 2. Components should be "black boxes" for their clients. Clients should only know interfaces to be independent of changes in the implementations. Is this abstraction useful for distributed system management or does it need to know more about internals?
Tip
This is the place where you will recognize that interface/implementation is just another abstraction useful for software designers and programmers - like object-orientation.
#### 3. Distributed System Management relies on an information model of those systems. List some items which need to be in this information model.
Tip
Put yourself into the position of a responsible person for the operations of a large company. What do you want to know about the running systems?
#### 4. List services a distributed management package needs to provide.
Tip
How could system management software make your live easier if you are responsible for running a lot of distributed applications? What do you need to know in case of problems?
